APPS-1405  Nextflow profile runtime override (#854)
dnanexus/dx-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

* `dx describe user-xxxx` don't try to print the name if it is not present in the API response (e.g. caller has the *platformadminsupport* role)

> * Nextflow profile can be overriden during the runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nextflow profile that was provided as a default at build time can be overridden at runtime
```
